Added example for bad-indentation (#6000)
PyCQA/pylint: doc/data/messages/b/bad-indentation/details.rst

> Option ``--indent-string`` is used as indentation unit for this check.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The option ``--indent-string`` can be used to set the indentation unit for this check.
```
